all right we are excited to finally
share this episode with you this was
something we shot eight months ago and
we were in London but we never actually
had the chance to to show this to you
and finally coming out today on another
notes we've had some pretty terrible
things happening to us behind the scenes
we're dealing with it in privates but
we're going to tell you guys next
Thursday what's happening it's something
that just has to do with our ability to
stay in the US and continue doing
yes theory so not to be too dramatic in
the meantime enjoyed this episode and
the Sunday we're releasing the biggest
production we've ever made in our lives
we're super excited to share it we've
been spending two weeks editing it enjoy
Millwall Football Club they're
considered in the UK to have the most
violent hooligans fans out of any other
team in history the team supporters in
the past has mostly been composed of
stalkers from East London and the stigma
violence attached to their supporters
can be traced back over a hundred years
in the media
Millwall supporters have often been
associated with hooliganism with
numerous films having been made
fictionalizing they're not arriving as a
result fans are now renowned for their
chance
no-one likes us we don't care
ah
we were skeptical about what we heard
about Millwall so since watching and
reading about them wasn't enough so
they're escorting some people out
because they're going to fight for the
women's like is it a bomb scare and he's
like I wish it were that simple
we thought it'd be a good idea to
experience it for ourselves
so our plan was to sneak into the
nosebleed seats and see if we can start
a chant with their supporters chances
are we'll come back with broken noses or
maybe some new friends so the tradition
is all the balloons are popping out
getting hammered right now language the
alien scream louder so that our latest
Willy and no one else here is wearing
scarves except for us I think we're
standing out and we're getting a lot of
weird stairs we gotta tell them right
now
we look pretty dumb
[Music]
[Applause]
okay what's going on the wall
we compare with us for the department
they've revenues here here
[Music]
on the table
mm bikers
[Applause]
back off
there does a very abusive
right now we're going to go join that
very table it's gonna be scary we're
going to cut if I start a chant
look like now you know they're not
talking with the gameplay only painting
together at that right away
[Music]
come on
you
given the work sandwich that was over
since the desert is scared to do I'm
gonna go for it
hopefully I don't die
I stole the majima is always been
started he'll watch it and he laughing
he goes back
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
we have people traded to know all remain
family love it I feel like I'm no wolf
in four-letter word
[Applause]
oh well you're good movies not the
beginning I guess
[Music]
[Applause]
you tell them that real stands on there
laughing after a loss like when you're
behind them and you feel the spit like
they're screaming and there's just like
spit running like the guy behind you is
just spitting on these senses come is we
can't help but like act insane like you
have to be as crazy as then it's not
crazier to fit in like because then they
won't mess with you good
so who's gonna mess with the crazies guy
you know my two attempts kind of went
wrong
[Music]